# Proposal to save metadata with place files

When an online place is opened from the studio in any of the modes available, the studio remembers that it was opened from there. When it is saved, it would be expected, when it is opened again, that the studio would still remember what place it corresponds to. This means it would be possible to open a place file, do some changes and publish it to ROBLOX without the studio asking what place to upload to, as it would already know which place to select (of course, it would be possible to choose another place by choosing the "Publish to ROBLOX as..." option).

Data stored along with the place file, in appropriate XML elements for the XML format and in any particular location in the binary format, would include the name of the place, the identifier of the place, the identifier of the creator and the number corresponding to the version of the place (which is equivalent to the value of the `PlaceVersion` property). When the place file is opened, the `PlaceVersion`, `CreatorId` and `PlaceId` properties would be set. The place identifier would be used by the studio to know which place to publish to by default. It would be given to the website along with the name of the place file being edited so that the website can link the online message to the appropriate place. This metadata would also make it possible for the studio to show a warning to the user when he's editing an old version of the place (i.e. the studio could look on the website to see if the place version there is higher than the place version stored with the metadata and warn the user if that's the case).
